let's imagine like a police officer
walking up to a car that's freaky enough
you don't know what's inside that's like
you're playing roulette
yep you don't know what's inside that
car yeah you know like look there are
some bad police out there but as just
put yourself in that spot where you're a
cop getting out your car walking to a
car with tinted windows yep
knocking on the window you don't know
what you're gonna you don't know if it's
a barrel of a shotgun you don't know you
have no idea you have no idea people
have to realize that tension they carry
with them all day they might have 20 of
those interactions absolutely all day
and and people could have been really
bad yeah and if you have you give them
any bullshit or don't appreciate a
respect that they're immediately gonna
go okay yeah you fucking asshole and
that you're the enemy now and it's
horrible it's horrible that we give a
person the kind of power that police
officers have when they abuse it but
it's also horrible that we create this
relationship between fellow citizens a
purpose a cop is just a citizen's just
one of us where we are the enemy if
we're not following the book especially
when the book is stupid like it's pot
laws or something dumb like that one
yeah or you're catching guys getting
jerked off like Jesus cry you know I've
been pulled over a couple times and I
gotta say you know most of them like my
dad you know they say a black thing to
do when you have a black father they
tell you very early on when a cop pulls
you over hands out let them see it you
know it's taught to us yes well we're
when we're born and raised especially
where I grew up so I you know I even
been profiled you know you know like and
I'm half black you know you don't know
what I really am a lot of people but
I've been profiled so I know when I see
when I hear the stories and I've been in
cars with my friends that are
dark-skinned black and they've been
pulled over and it's a thing where
you're upset because you feel like
you're being profiled but man what's
that cop walks over you need to show all
due respect because they they control
that game now it's a hundred percent
their game once they pull up to your
window you're in their car you also
should think that they are entirely
necessary for a civilized us a hundred
percent and if you want to be able to
call the police or some shit
down you should appreciate them when
they're there and you know this does not
discount all the bad cop yeah absolutely
not discount all the things we've all
seen the shootings or unjustified
punching czar unjustified this is what
we have to keep though perspective
because there's so many interactions
there's so many cops out there that are
dealing with PTSD all day long because
for a decade or two decades of their
life they have been dealing with crime
and violence all day long every day and
they dress like the enemy they're not
just a cop they're cop who has to wear a
cop outfit so everywhere you go like
when you won't playing quake and you're
playing - yeah okay dude has a special
flag over his head no that's a target if
you see if you see cops like bad guys
see cops as the enemy you're being paid
to be the enemy even if you've never had
an interaction if you're a bad guy and
that's a cop that's the enemy and that
is a crazy but is you ask people to be
but even for people that don't have
interactions with cops
yeah a lot they still consider it the
enemy sure like because if they pull you
over for speeding like it's gone through
my mind it's like nobody's on the road
right now why are you pulling me over
for speeding like I'm not hurting
anybody it's just a waste of time well
you know how to write a ticket because
there you have to write a certain number
right and that's and that's when I think
it goes over the top where it's like
come on now I was talking to a cop about
that I said okay now let me ask you this
what if everybody agreed to never speed
like we made up like a six month
agreement in this country where we would
never speed and no one speeded and there
was no more traffic violations in terms
of speeding tickets what the fuck would
happen and he was like people would just
get laid off left and right they were
just really yeah you just they were like
I think they would just slash solis
Department they put quotas on you cuz
you're a glorified revenue collector I
mean that's what you think that's a
problem though like when you're viewing
people over and I think that it all look
the problems with the police and people
start from the core and that's a major
problem if you have to pull over people
even if you're a cop and go and they're
not really doing anything bad but I have
to meet my quota of tickets that starts
from a very negative place terrible
terrible player
place terrible place and terrible place
for both parties terrible place for the
cop to bury his head in the sand and
realize he's writing someone to take it
for no reason you know I could catch
someone the speed limit 65 they're sick
they're going 69 you pull them over like
it the fuck really yeah how did you
can't even pay attention like there's no
way unless I'm not looking at the road
like unless I have cruise control or I'm
not looking at the road
oh I might get to 69 I might back up to
65 again even if I'm trying to go the
speed limit but I know people that have
been pulled over for miles over a
hundred percent yeah but as a driver of
that car going four miles over you're
pissed yeah like automatic jacked
yeah you just got jacked and you're
buying or protecting and we all know
he's writing a ticket just to write a
ticket it's probably the 27th or 28th of
the month yep and they got to meet their
quota and he's like that's where they
drive into Vegas is the worst they set
up traps yeah and especially close to
the end of the month you know if you're
driving to Vegas go to speed limit
because we're waiting for you I got
pulled over by plane you seen this going
to Vegas they have planes that now radar
you they don't even and then they send
out cop cars so suppose the radars you
and then a cop car pulls you over yes oh
yeah yeah and that was the last time we
went to Vegas I went with my wife and
son and we got pulled like a cop car
came out of nowhere and my wife hears a
difference you know that this shows that
my wife is white from Wyoming right and
this is the big difference that's real
white that that's what I pilgrim that's
like Casper the Friendly Ghost white
yeah it's like cowboy white translucent
right yeah only Cowboys up there Wyoming
Cowboys yeah did you your wife grew up
on a ranch no shit no no I think that
cities yeah they she's grew up in
Gillette Gillette Wyoming that fuck is
that Gillette Wyoming
people there 80 I think 3,000 come on no
seriously they're like the Brady Bunch
I'm married into the Brady Bunch like
seriously their real life right it's
like good morning Michael how are you
like they are those paints kind of cool
no it's great so a cop pulls us over for
this Vegas trip and this is the
difference in cultures we have and this
is why I try to tell my wife when the
cop came over is name let's say
Sir Andrew he comes over I'm very polite
I said yes sir
you got it no problem I was speeding no
problem my wife and the cop goes we
pulled you over by a plane so it gives
me a ticket I like hey officer I have a
great day it's like you too sir my wife
is in the backseat with my son rolls
down the window when he's walking away
and goes excuse me how do you know it
was this black SUV I see lots of black
SUVs passing us and it's from a plane
are you serious and I'm like I'm about
to die the cop turns back around like
comes to my side of the window and says
excuse me ma'am
and but just the privilege to be able to
talk to a cop like that she has no idea
she has no idea that's the real white
privilege that's the real one and I'm
like and I'm like telling the cop
tell me about I'm telling the cop I'm
saying hey baby it's okay I was speeding
you have this on stage no you fucking
shine oh dude that's hilarious and I'm
like you should for sure about the stage
it's it's just it scared me cuz I was
scared because she's the cop comes back
I'm out write that down right now okay
take that pad write it down write it
down you must talk about this on white
wife privilege plane radar black SUV
play Wyoming cowboy white people okay
let's tango catch - so shoehorns
horseshoe he comes back over and he's
trying to explain to my wife like about
a plane and she's given this cop
attitude oh no ya know when we drive off
I go baby you cannot do that like you
almost killed me she was like stop being
ridiculous I'm like no no you really
know you really got me killed you never
never know wrong guy wrong place wrong
time wrong history wrong background
wrong state of mind that he's in what if
he didn't like a black dude married to a
white woman for sure yeah like and she
didn't get that but now she gets that
cuz we have a son you know what I mean
so I think once you have a multi-ethnic
son now she's like oh I'm all about
Moana
I'm all about she doesn't like she's all
about the ethnic cartoons and not the
way she's trying she's trying he's got a
good mindset yeah she's trying and her
family's trying you know it sucks that
anybody has to ever worry about getting
accidentally shot by a cop and the
problem I think is not going to go away
until the problem of crime goes away and
that's not gonna happen either so what
do we do to make life safer for
everybody that's a real good fucking
question well I mean we're Nisour like
people being aware of all these videos
that's one thing that I think that
blacked-out black lives matter did that
people don't want to accept but it's
really important as it became a national
thought yes it's not just another story
in the news it's a national thought like
this is a movement to try to eradicate
this and all the times were you seen
guys plant guns on after they've shot
I'm like the OCZ videos yeah you see
videos of black people with no guns
getting shot and then here's the problem
they go to court and then the cops are
innocent you see the one where the guy
throws the gun down on the ground was it
was it a Taser what did he throw down on
the ground there was like he shot him
and then as he's coming after the body
he dropped something on the ground when
I was growing up at least I don't know
when it changed but cops were supposed
to shoot not to kill you but to handicap
you like shoot you in the leg shoot you
in the arms you guys are not that good a
shot there's a lot of cops that are just
not good at shooting guns I mean there's
a lot of that are military trained that
are very professional and very serious
who are but it's like look I watched a
video the other day of a guy getting in
an altercation an off-duty cop got into
an altercation with this guy and he
tried to pull his gun out the guy
grabbed him grabbed his wrist I did not
know how to fight at all and probably
only knew how to like shoot people yeah
he gets taken down the guy obviously
knew jujitsu took him down mounted him
took the gun from him threw the gun away
and beat the fuck out of him from the
mount pound guy turns his back he gets
his back he's beating the shit out of
him it's horrific because this cop
thought he was safe and pulled his gun
but this is like one example of it just
because someone's a cop doesn't mean
they're well-trained prepared there are
those out there for absolute
there are also some slobs like I've seen
some guys that are there a cop and like
bro you can't run a block fuck are you
okay yeah yeah you know like this is a
ridiculous position for you to put
yourself in and anybody else you're
trying to protect you're handicapped by
gluttony yeah but but at the same time
we do need them we need the cops we need
them to be more respected and
appreciated they're not very respected
and appreciated by a lot of people I
think that's a and C what a huge me
service what I hate about this
conversation whatever side they're on
what the cops are gonna pull whatever
they want because we've talked negative
well not negative we said some things
about and I hate how we're in such a
polar place where him oh you're either
form or against and that's like with
everything and that's what I hate you
can't have a conversation anymore
yeah and that's where we're at right now
it's like you can't say anything wrong
with cops because then you don't support
the cops if you support the cops then
you'll get attacked by the other side
going oh well they kill innocent people
what I know can take a clip of anything
you've said today without further
elaboration because most of what you
said you further elaborate absolutely
they could take that one snippet and
just put a little clip up somewhere
Michael Yost said this or worse yet
quote it this is what he said about cops
look fuck him yeah I thought he was pro
cop